# Dictionary to store prompts
PROMPT_TEMPLATES = {
    "pdf": """
    The content of the PDF is provided below. Follow these steps:
    1. Identify the main topics covered in the text.
    2. Summarize each topic in a concise manner.
    3. Highlight any key details or insights mentioned in the text.
    Here is the content:
    {content}
    """,
    "audio": """
    The following text has been transcribed from an audio file. Follow these steps:
    1. Understand the context and the speaker's intent.
    2. Identify the main ideas or arguments presented.
    3. Summarize the key points while maintaining the original intent of the speaker.
    Here is the transcribed text:
    {content}
    """,
    "video": """
    The following text has been extracted from a video file. Follow these steps:
    1. Identify the visual and contextual elements conveyed in the text (e.g., scenes, actions).
    2. Summarize the key events or discussions that occur in the video.
    3. Highlight any noteworthy insights or conclusions.
    Here is the extracted text:
    {content}
    """,
    "json": """
    The following JSON data contains structured information. Follow these steps:
    1. Parse the data to understand its structure (e.g., keys, values, nested elements).
    2. Extract meaningful insights or trends from the data.
    3. Summarize the information in a human-readable format.
    Here is the JSON content:
    {content}
    """,
    "jira": """
    The following data is from a Jira issue. Follow these steps:
    1. Understand the details of the issue (e.g., title, description, status).
    2. Identify any relevant actions, updates, or comments.
    3. Summarize the issue's current status and its next steps.
    Here is the Jira data:
    {content}
    """,
    "confluence": """
    The following data is from a Confluence page. Follow these steps:
    1. Identify the purpose and context of the page (e.g., documentation, meeting notes).
    2. Extract the key topics, points, or actions discussed on the page.
    3. Summarize the overall content in a concise manner.
    Here is the Confluence data:
    {content}
    """
}
